---
layout: post
title: Segment
categories: integrations
summary: Send data in minutes to Kissmetrics using Segment's open source libraries
---
* Table of Contents
{:toc}
* * *

# Segment Integration

[Segment](https://segment.com/?utm_source=kissmetrics.com&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) is a platform for collecting customer data with one API and sending it to 160+ tools for analytics, email and more with the flip of a switch.

Segment helps marketers try different software tools, like Kissmetrics, Optimizely and Mailchimp, with a single tracking code. This means engineers won’t need to spend time building one-to-one integrations. Besides user behavior in the website and app, you can analyze events like email opens, experiment viewed, and live chat messages sent from your live chat, user testing, and email providers.

When you integrate with Segment, the calls you make from the Segment library will automatically fire off requests to Kissmetrics to record events, track page views and identify users, among other semantic events.

With Segment AND Kissmetrics, you can use all of your customer data to:
 - Analyze how customers who see an experiment engage over time
 - Determine if live chat will lift sales, LTV, or repeat purchases
 - Understand how email behavior affects conversion funnels
 - Create segments based on past email behavior
 - Optimize customer interaction on your website through display targeted messages

## Setup through Kissmetrics

 1. When getting started, you’ll be asked to start sending data to Kissmetrics. Click the green “Enable with Segment” button.
 2. If you are already a Segment user, you can select a project and start sending data. If you are not a Segment user, you will be asked to create a new account. 
 3. Segment will route data to Kissmetrics from data sources you enable (live chat, a/b testing, email tools)

You can enable the Segment and Kissmetrics integration [here](https://app.kissmetrics.com/get-started).

If you need any help, you can read Segment’s docs [here](https://segment.com/docs/integrations/kissmetrics/?utm_source=kissmetrics.com&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) or email Segment at [friends@segment.com](mailto:friends@segment.com).
